Max range for inspecting missing batches in Arbitrum (#297)
blockscout/docs: for-developers/information-and-settings/env-variables/backend-envs-chain-specific.md

| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_L1_FINALIZATION_CHECK_ENABLED` | Whether L1 transactions related to batches, confirmations, and executions need to be monitored for finalization or not. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                                            | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>false</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                      |
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_MESSAGES_TO_BLOCKS_SHIFT`      | Difference between the message count and actual rollup block numbers in the SequencerBatchDelivered event on L1. Applicable for ArbitrumOne only. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>0</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                          |

> | `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_MISSING_BATCHES_RANGE`                          | Size of each batch range which will be inspected for the missing batches. Since it is not expected that batches are missed often, it is OK to have this value relatevly large. Implemented in [#10466](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10446).                                                                                                                                                   | <p>Version: v.TBD<br>Default: <code>10000</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_MISSING_BATCHES_RANGE`                          | Size of each batch range which will be inspected for the missing batches. Since it is not expected that batches are missed often, it is OK to have this value relatevly large. Implemented in [#10466](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/10446).                                                                                                                                                   | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>10000</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                        |
```
